we are here in the locker room with
Steve Smith Steve big game Atlanta comes
in with all the cards but you guys
really dealt him a ugly hand today it
had to feel good I mean felt great you
know but at the same time why do we have
to do it like this you know we could
have been playing like this a lot better
earlier you know we got some guys
filling in that you know weren't even on
one team on a roster you know so you
know we just got to put things together
so young young group of guys and so this
just got to understand we are gotta play
well got play with all the time guy play
well quickly and you got to take the
momentum and sometimes you just gotta
you know sometimes you got just drowned
that horse you know you're bringing the
water in just drown them and you know
you make them drink and I think that's
what the guys are doing what Coach
talked about that all along bringing
young guys along the seal sense of
urgency and the way you guys started
this game really set the tone I mean it
does but they also got to understand you
know everyone's plan for their job and
it's not because of circumstances of the
season I mean that's that's the way it
is that's the NFL they're not for lonely
you know it's only been a in a in a
whole years of football so we've been
26,000 players too and that's you know
four or five you know for years vested
so it's a lot of guys come in but not a
lot of guys get to stay here these guys
going to understand that talk about this
start by the offense you guys going your
first four possessions that had to be
big I'm it was great but we also i think
we left about 21 points on the board and
that's that's that's not a good feeling
but understanding what we're capable of
doing and in a place that we can have
and so we just gotta build on that and
capitalize on that especially going next
week going to san diego coming down the
stretch is almost impossible ignore what
happened the last time in atlanta this
time you're able to close the deal does
that kind of help the psyche of this
team it helps the psyche till Wednesday
and then it starts all over and it's a
new game new set of opponents different
game plan so you can't use anything that
you use last week to build you or you
know you don't go
okay well we left 21 points on the field
so we get spotted 21 points to San Diego
that's not hard work she just got come
out there and play hard